The next thing which we want to discuss in this short video is an anonymous class.
And then with is basically one which does not have a name.
So how can you really create a class which does not have any.
If you look at the Animal class here the Animal class has a name right.
This has a name called animal.
However if I want to really create a anonymous class I can do something of this kind here I'm creating
I'm a competitor so to implement the competitor interface I would need to override a method call it
compare.
So what I'm doing here is instead of defining a new competitor classing up some competitor extents implements
competitor what I'm doing is emphatically creating the body of the class in here.
So I'm defining dimethyl here and within open Breske close place and defining the complete Berretta
right here.
So this is a reverse comp. So basically price and reverses the order of the strings.
I mean it kind of like it tries in reverse the alphabetical order of strings.
So if you use the reverse comparator you'd see that this particular thing when I say apple.
Boy it trippin in God boy Apple.
That's one example of an anonymous class where I'm not really creating a class but I'm trying to directly
define a class without a name right here.
The other instances when I want to or I debark it in the new I'm getting a new animal.
But in this new animal I want.
All right debark.
So I would want to say.
All right.
And instead of finding whatever that is printing I would want to see a subclass Barch.
So you'd see that when I do animal back it create prints that subclass box.
This is basically creating a new subclass of the animal so I'm Cregan you sapless of the animal but
I don't want to really create a class and create a instance of it.
So what I'm doing in here is directly creating an instance without a name.
Usually anonymous classes are not really good things to create because they'll not be able to.
I mean you know the name of the class so you'll not be able to reuse it anywhere else.
So these basic instances where you use anonymous classes are weird you know for sure that a specific
class will not be used again.
So if I'm 100 percent sure that this specific thing is very very limited and it's only applicable in
this specific scenario I would go and create an add on my skills.
But usually it's a thing you try and avoid.
So it's a good question but not really something you would want to use in the real world scenario.
Most of the things that you're MIT must class until the next week you rely.